chore(action): retry by default (#13)
werf/trdl-vault-actions: README.md

```
release:
  name: Perform werf release using trdl server
  runs-on: ubuntu-22.04
  steps:
    - name: Release without retry

>       if: inputs.retry == 'false'

Reviewer: mmm?

        project-name: werf
        git-tag: ${{ github.ref_name }}
        vault-auth-method: approle
        vault-role-id: ${{ secrets.TRDL_VAULT_ROLE_ID }}
        vault-secret-id: ${{ secrets.TRDL_VAULT_SECRET_ID }}
        retry: false

    - name: Notify
      uses: mattermost/action-mattermost-notify@master
      with:
        MATTERMOST_WEBHOOK_URL: ${{ secrets.LOOP_NOTIFICATION_WEBHOOK }}
        MATTERMOST_CHANNEL: ${{ secrets.LOOP_NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL }}
        TEXT: |
          ${{ secrets.LOOP_NOTIFICATION_GROUP }} [${{ github.workflow }}](${{ github.server_url }}/${{ github.repository }}/actions/runs/${{ github.run_id }}) task sign pls

    - name: Release with retry
      uses: werf/trdl-vault-actions/release@main
      with:
        vault-addr: ${{ secrets.TRDL_VAULT_ADDR }}
        project-name: werf
        git-tag: ${{ github.ref_name }}
        vault-auth-method: approle
        vault-role-id: ${{ secrets.TRDL_VAULT_ROLE_ID }}
        vault-secret-id: ${{ secrets.TRDL_VAULT_SECRET_ID }}
```

## Publish

```
publish:
  name: Publish release channels using trdl server
  runs-on: ubuntu-22.04
  steps:
    - name: Publish without retry

>       if: inputs.retry == 'false'

Reviewer: mmm?

### Vault server

```
uses: werf/trdl-vault-actions/publish@main
with:
  vault-addr: ${{ secrets.VAULT_ADDR }}
```

### Retry

```
uses: werf/trdl-vault-actions/publish@main
with:
  retry: true
```

> A flag that determines whether retries should be enabled in case of failure. If set to `true`, the system will retry failed operations with an increasing backoff delay until either the operation succeeds or the maximum delay (`maxDelay`) is reached `maxDelay` by default 6 hours or 21600 seconds (equals to github job timeout). If set to `false`, no retries will occur, and the task will immediately fail upon encountering an error. By default: `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls whether retries are enabled for failed operations.

- **`true`** (default): Retries failed operations with exponentially increasing backoff delays, stopping after success or reaching `maxDelay`. Default `maxDelay` is 6 hours (21,600 seconds), which matches the GitHub job timeout.  
- **`false`**: No retries. The task fails immediately upon error.
```

### Vault server

```
uses: werf/trdl-vault-actions/publish@main
with:
  vault-addr: ${{ secrets.VAULT_ADDR }}
```

### Retry

```
uses: werf/trdl-vault-actions/publish@main
with:
  retry: true
```

Controls whether retries are enabled for failed operations.

> - **`true`** (default): Retries failed operations with exponentially increasing backoff delays, stopping after success or reaching `maxDelay`. Default `maxDelay` is 6 hours (21,600 seconds), which matches the GitHub job timeout.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`true`** (default): Retries failed operations with exponentially increasing backoff delays, stopping after success or reaching `maxDelay`. The default `maxDelay` is 6 hours (21600 seconds), which matches the GitHub job timeout.  
```

with:
  vault-addr: ${{ secrets.VAULT_ADDR }}
```

### Retry

```
with:
  retry: false

> ```

Reviewer: mmm?
